I want to create a web app that will help 
Shops to send delivery request to pick up 
grocery bag for their clients for delivery. 
I want to call the application DringDring. 
It has two type of users: Shops from where
the delivery start and deliveryto-client to whom
the delivery has to go. 

 I want this app to be built using Next.js, and
 I wanted to use Typescript, and the I want it
 to make use of Tailwind as well.

So the front-end should be created using Typescript,
wheras the back-end, I want it to be created using
Python. And I want the front-end to be a separate 
concern
and the back-end should be a separate concern.
They should communicate with each other using 
REST API.

The application should start with providing a 
login page
so that the users (a shop or a shop's client
 aka the deliveryto-client) can either sign up
 or sign in to the app. For authorization, make
 use of Google Firebase. If the user (shop/client) 
 had
 previously signed in, obviously they shouldn't come 
 to the space; they should directly go to the app.
 You should remember that the user has already 
 logged in, 
 and they just take them directly to the application. 

 Once they have logged in, (if they havent aleady),
 on the main page of the app, they should have fields
 to help them enter their informations. 
 1. For the shop: Nom du Magasin, Personnes de contact
 (max 10), Adresse,
 Numéro de l'adresse, NPA (swiss format), Ville, 
 emai, Tél (swiss format), nombre de département: 1-10.
 linked to the number of departements provided:
 Nom du département 1, Nom du département 2, ... 
 Nom du département 10
 I'll provide a csv file with a list of shops
2. For the deliveryto-user: Nom, Prénom, Adresse,
Numéro de l'adresse, NPA (swiss format), Ville, 
 email, Tél: (swiss format), étage, code d'entrée, 
 CMS (yes/no)
 This CMS means if the client is a beneficiar of
 the services of Centre Médico-Social and theirfor he 
 has a discount. 
 I will provide a csv file with a list of 
 delivery-to clients.

 If the user is a shop, after signing up or loging in,
 the user has access to a menu page where they have 
2 buttoms to access to twos new pages: 
1.Livraison +
2.clients +
on edit profile buttom where the user can edit delete 
and add
information such as personne de contact, département, ...
And a filed with all the "livraisons en cours" which is
a editable table (edit/delete) of all deliveries of 
today and 
in the future.
A table that summirize per (year/month/day) the #livraisons
# de sacs, # livraisons/département
with column: Date/Ticket no/Montant du 
ticket/#Sacs/Secteur/CMS
When clicking on "Livraison +", they have access
to a page to add a new delivery. First they choose a client
thanks to a field, (autopopulate when you start writing)
the first letter of a client's name/family name, ....
If the client is new and not in the database yet, 
you can create
a with a "clients +" buttom. it will send the user to 
a new page, same page as if the shop user click on 
the "clients +" buttom of the main menu page after logged
in. On this page, the user can add a new client. He cant 
edit or delete, this is only possible by the admin
of the website. a new client get an access code to access
to his info and edit/delete them. 
then the user need to enter this fileds: 
Employé(e): list personne de contact created when 
signed in.
Secteur(not mendatory): a list of departements 
store created when signed in. 
Ticket no(not mendatory):
Montant du (not mendatory):
Livraison aujourd'hui: Oui/non 
A partir de: 08:00 - 20:00 par pas de 30min
Nombre de sacs: 0-20
buttom "Commander la livraison"
When the user click on "Commander la livraison", 
1.a new line will be created in his database Livraison
with all the informations (clients info) and a unique ID
(state of the art)
2. a new line will be created in the main database "Toutes 
les livraisons"
of the manager/owner of this app
with all the informations (clients info, livraison info, 
and shop name) and a unique ID
(state of the art)
If a Livraison is edited/delited, it should be in both database. 

if a new deliveryto-client signed in. They have access to a mainmenu
They can edit/delete their account
they have a dashboard that summirize they past deliveries state of the
art datavizualisation.
they have a table for their future deliveries. 